c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client.g.resources
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task3\Client\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
